Adds changelog entries for v3.13.0 (#824)
firebase/firebase-functions: CHANGELOG.md

> - Adds `serviceAccount` option to `runtimeOptions`, which lets users to specify what service account a Cloud Function should run as. For example: ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds `serviceAccount` option to `runtimeOptions` to specify which service account Cloud Function should use at runtime. For example: ```
```

> - Adds `serviceAccount` option to `runtimeOptions`, which lets users to specify what service account a Cloud Function should run as. For example: ```

Reviewer: I don't think inline ``` is legal

Author: Moved this to its own line, I think this should work now.

  const functions = require('firebase-functions');

> functions.runWith({
> serviceAccount: 'test-sa@project.iam.gserviceaccount.com'
> // OR
> // serviceAcount: 'test-sa@"
> // OR
> // serviceAccount: 'default'
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exports.myFunction = functions.runWith({
    serviceAccount: 'test-sa@project.iam.gserviceaccount.com'
    // OR
    // serviceAcount: 'test-sa@"
    // OR
    // serviceAccount: 'default'
  })
```

```
Requires firebase-tools@8.18.0 or later. Thanks @egor-miasnikov!
- Upgrades `highlight.js` to `10.4.1` to fix a vulnerability.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
